Update introduction to connectors (#3718)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/getting-started/introduction.md

> To know how to install Monitoring Connectors, you can go to the dedicated part: 
> [Monitoring Connectors installation](/docs/monitoring/pluginpacks).

A monitoring connector is the software brick that allows Centreon to communicate with the monitored equipments.

> Centreon proposes a great variety of monitoring connectors ready for use to monitor all sorts of equipments and our catalog grows every month.

Author: ```suggestion
Centreon offers a vast array of monitoring connectors ready for use to monitor all sorts of equipments and our catalog grows every month.
```
